Mast cloudaccess docs update (#2235)
astropy/astroquery: docs/mast/mast.rst

Cloud Data Access
------------------
Public datasets from the Hubble, Kepler and TESS telescopes are also available for free on Amazon Web Services
in `public S3 buckets <https://registry.opendata.aws/collab/stsci/>`__.

> Using AWS resources to process public data no longer requires an `AWS account for all AWS regions. To enable cloud data access for the Hubble, Kepler, and TESS missions, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using AWS resources to process public data no longer requires an AWS account for all AWS regions. To enable cloud data access for the Hubble, Kepler, and TESS missions, follow the steps below:
```

> Enable cloud data access via the `~astroquery.mast.ObservationsClass.enable_cloud_dataset` function, which
> will cause AWS to become the preferred source for data access until it is disabled

Reviewer: maybe rephrase?
```suggestion
You can enable cloud data access via the `~astroquery.mast.ObservationsClass.enable_cloud_dataset` function, which sets AWS to become the preferred source for data access as opposed to on-premise MAST until it is disabled with 
```

Author: Yes this sounds better

(`~astroquery.mast.ObservationsClass.disable_cloud_dataset`).

To directly access a list of cloud URIs for a given dataset, use the `~astroquery.mast.ObservationsClass.get_cloud_uris`
function (Python will prompt you to enable cloud access if you haven't already).

When cloud access is enabled, the standard download function

> `~astroquery.mast.ObservationsClass.download_products` will preferentially pull files from AWS when they are available.

Reviewer: I think technical texts like this reads better when written in the present tense rather than future as we're not really describing a planned, future experiment or such but describing an already existing behaviour. But I can stand corrected.

> When set to `True`, the ``cloud_only`` parameter in `download_products` will cause all data products not available in the cloud to be skipped.

Reviewer: You can't use just the function name to be linked, it's either single backticks to the full namespace as in the previous line, or double backticks to highlight but don't link. Either is fine by me, but the current one is causing a docs build failure.
